# NgUserList

## Intro

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) `v11.2.3` and TypeScript `v4.1.5` in strict mode. The node version is `v12.13.0`, and the package manager is npm `v6.12.0`

### Structure

For the development the smart-dump component pattern was used. The smart (container) component has all the dependencies and the business logic, whereas the dump (view) component is only responsible for what gets displayed on the UI and emits events back to the smart component.

The app is broken into separate modules `appModule, usersModule and sharedModule`, in order to make dependency management easier and increase code reusability.

### UI Design
For the UI design the [Glassmorphism](https://uxdesign.cc/glassmorphism-in-user-interfaces-1f39bb1308c9) trend was used.

### Testing
You should check for the `service.spec.ts` and `users.component.spec.ts`. All other spec files have been automatically generated by the CLI and they only test the successful component creation. The framework used is `Jasmine v3.6.0` and `karma v6.1.0` to run the tests.

### Code styling and formatting
`tslint` and `prettier` have been used.



## Start Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

